Which of the following statements is correct when a class is inherited publicly?
Public members of the base class become protected members of derived class.
Public members of the base class become private members of derived class.
Private members of the base class become protected members of derived class.
Public members of the base class become public members of derived class.
D
Which of the following statements is correct about the constructors and destructors?
Destructors can take arguments but constructors cannot.
Constructors can take arguments but destructors cannot.
Destructors can be overloaded but constructors cannot be overloaded.
Constructors and destructors can both return a value.
B
Which of the following access specifies is used in a class definition by default?
Protected
Public
Private
Friend
C
Which of the following statement is correct with respect to the use of friend keyword inside a class?
A private data member can be declared as a friend.
A class may be declared as a friend.
An object may be declared as a friend.
We can use friend keyword as a class name.
B
Which of the following keywords is used to control access to a class member?
Default
Break
Protected
Asm
C
Which of the following can access private data members or member functions of a class?
Any function in the program.
All global functions in the program.
Any member function of that class.
Only public member functions of that class.
C
Which of the following type of data member can be shared by all instances of its class?
Public
Inherited
Static
Friend
C
Which of the following also known as an instance of a class?
Friend Functions
Object
Member Functions
Member Variables
B
Constructor is executed when _____.
an object is created
an object is used
a class is declared
an object goes out of scope.
A
Which of the following statements about virtual base classes is correct?
It is used to provide multiple inheritance.
It is used to avoid multiple copies of base class in derived class.
It is used to allow multiple copies of base class in a derived class.
It allows private members of the base class to be inherited in the derived class.
B